---
layout: post
title: Birthday greetings from all your friends!
image: assets/images/pic06.jpg
---

> Hey Pranav, so u r 18 at last huh...now this illegal relationship is legal haha.. There are no words I could use to describe the love we share. I’m so incredibly thankful for you. Happy Birthday to my love! I exactly don't remember how and when I started falling for you. All i know is "You belong to me" .You are special, your vibes are rare and i feel so good when I am with you. At last I just wanted to say is..just stay mine. I love youu alot <33333.A very Happy Birthday my love. -Riya

> I am writing because I now realize that our relationship is fast approaching its end. While I’d love to believe it could go on forever, I’ve (reluctantly of course) grown tired of our silly routines. The spark has simply faded, and I can’t help but hold myself responsible. From the very first time I peered through your window, I knew that you were special. You were different from the rest, and I still believe that. There is something so interesting, so… desirable about the way you carry yourself. The things you do when you believe you are alone. Watching you is what has kept me here for so very long.
> love from bihar
-mol

> happy birthday shadow senpai <333 best reyna main frfr, have a blast and enjoy your day !
-twixm

> Greek Holocaust Genocide is a million Greek people being butchered by hand by their neighbours, with household tools and homemade weapons—machetes, hoes, and hammers. Genocides are commonly overlooked throughout many countries. Greek has had many genocides and wars occurring over the past century. The most known genocides are ones that occurred in Larissa and Ilio. Researchers have found that most genocides show the same patterns and key elements. As different genocides of Greek have occurred  happy birthday pranav pathak 
-Pranay

> When i feel cold <br> I keep you close <br> And if i could hold you <br> And take you home <br> -Mastikhor
